alt/content/post/first-day-of-the-site/index.md, before:

---
# Documentation: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/managing-content/

title: "First Day of the Site"
subtitle: ""
summary: "Thanks for visiting."
authors: []
tags: []
categories: []
date: 2020-04-24T03:13:50-05:00
lastmod: 2020-04-24T03:13:50-05:00
featured: false
draft: false

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects: []
---

I finally did this after a ourbreak of COVID-19 put everything to a pause, and I'm trapped at home
by myself.

This site will be updated whenever something interesting and new happens.

Commit message:

Updated content, and testing prehook

alt/content/post/first-day-of-the-site/index.md, after:

---
# Documentation: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/managing-content/

title: "First Day of the Site"
subtitle: ""
summary: "Thanks for visiting."
authors: []
tags: []
categories: []
date: 2020-04-24T03:13:50-05:00
lastmod: 2020-04-25T03:58:55-0500
featured: false
draft: false

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects: []
---

I finally did this after a ourbreak of COVID-19 put everything to a pause, and I'm trapped at home
by myself.

This site will be updated whenever something interesting and new happens, likely more often than the
main site. Interesting things will happen here -w-

As this place is a semi-underground personal blog, the plan is to upload content both of my own
reminders and, hopefully, to some extent to the interest of general audience.

I'm still considering what to write. Interesting articles, reading notes, ...; creative writing is
not impossible at all if time permits.

See y'all in a bit. :)
